[Docs] Add story document description (#1417)
exercism/v3: docs/maintainers/generic-how-to-implement-a-concept-exercise.md

See [this example file][example-reference-document-implementations].

## Add or update story document

**Purpose:** Allow maintainers to find out which tracks have implemented an exercise for a story.

> Each exercise has a story. These stories are documented in the `reference/stories` directory. If such a document exists for the exercise's story, add the exercise to the corresponding exercise's `Implementations` section. When no story document exists, consider adding one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each exercise has a story or theme. The stories people have created so far are documented in the `reference/stories` directory. If such a document exists for the exercise's story, add the exercise to the corresponding exercise's `Implementations` section. When no story document exists, consider adding one.
```

Changed it slightly to make it feel more like a living thing, rather than a predefined list of stories. Happy either way though. Thanks for keeping the docs up to date! 💙

Author: Excellent suggestion!
